Docs: clarify import of PIPE in subprocess docs (#25416)
python/cpython: Doc/library/subprocess.rst

   If *capture_output* is true, stdout and stderr will be captured.
   When used, the internal :class:`Popen` object is automatically created with

>    ``stdout=subprocess.PIPE`` and ``stderr=subprocess.PIPE``. The *stdout* and
>    *stderr* arguments may not be supplied at the same time as *capture_output*.
>    If you wish to capture and combine both streams into one, use
>    ``stdout=subprocess.PIPE`` and ``stderr=subprocess.STDOUT`` instead of
>    *capture_output*.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
   *stdout* and *stdin* both set to :data:`~subprocess.PIPE`.
   The *stdout* and *stderr* arguments may not be supplied at the same time as *capture_output*.
   If you wish to capture and combine both streams into one,
   set *stdout* to :data:`~subprocess.PIPE`
   and *stderr* to :data:`~subprocess.STDOUT`,
   instead of using *capture_output*.
```

   subprocess's stdin.  If used it must be a byte sequence, or a string if
   *encoding* or *errors* is specified or *text* is true.  When
   used, the internal :class:`Popen` object is automatically created with

>    ``stdin=subprocess.PIPE``, and the *stdin* argument may not be used as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *stdin* set to :data:`~subprocess.PIPE`,
   and the *stdin* argument may not be used as well.
```

Reviewer: BTW, I find the wording in this sentence unusual.
